src/main/resources.md, before:

---
path: /resources/
title: Resources
layoutType: page
---
# List of Resources

## General
- firestopping
  - https://www.hilti.com/firestops Firestopping systems (with Hilti products)


## Engineering
### Civil/Structural
- loading
  - ASCE7 wind speed based on site lat/long or address. http://windspeed.atcouncil.org/ (note: this will soon by replaced by https://hazards.atcouncil.org/ )
  - Seismic design values as referenced in ASCE7 / IBC. Published by the USGS. https://earthquake.usgs.gov/designmaps/us/application.php
- steel
  - AISC has released the companion resources for the 15th edition of the steel construction manual. These resources include design examples and tables to assist in designing members, connections and structural systems.  https://www.aisc.org/publications/steel-construction-manual-resources/
  - AISC (steel) posts their videos from past webinars and conferences at http://www.asic.org/educationarchives
  - http://www.boltcouncil.org/files/2014RCSCSpecification-withErrata.pdf RCSC Specificatin for Structural Joints Using High Strength Bolts (2014)
  - Design Guide for Metal Cladding Fasteners from American Architectural Manufacturers Association (AAMA) which includes various screw capacities. http://www.aamanet.org/event/2017Fall/TIR-A9-14.pdf
- general
  - explaining engineering topics (Engineer4Free youtube channel)  https://www.youtube.com/user/Engineer4Free/playlists
- BIM/CAD/Software
  - pyRevit is a library of Python based scripts for Revit. http://eirannejad.github.io/pyRevit/

## Construction
 - equipment
   - Caterpillar provides a book with specifications on each piece of equipment to help estimate performance and productivity. https://www.warrencat.com/performance-handbook/
   - https://www.jlg.com/en/equipment/equipment-selector JLG Aerial Lift Selection Guide
   - https://www.bigge.com/crane-charts/ Crane Load Charts
 - safety
   - OSHA safety regulations in construction https://www.osha.gov/pls/oshaweb/owastand.display_standard_group?p_toc_level=1&p_part_number=1926

# Podcasts
## General
 - [AEC Business](https://aec-business.com/podcast-episodes/)

## Engineering
 - [The Engineering Career Coach](https://engineeringmanagementinstitute.org/podcasts/)
 - [The Civil Engineering Podcast](https://engineeringmanagementinstitute.org/podcasts/)
 - [Pragmatic](http://engineered.network/pragmatic)
 - [Causality](http://engineered.network/causality)
 - [Steel Profiles (AISC Podcast)](https://www.aisc.org/education/continuingeducation/podcasts/)
 - [The Engineering Commons](http://theengineeringcommons.com)
 - [STEM on Fire](https://stemonfire.com)

## Construction
 - [ConTechCrew](https://jbknowledge.com/category/podcasts): Construction Technology
 - [Construction Leading Edge](http://www.constructionleadingedge.com): Geared more toward owners of companies. Great info and stories though.
 - [Protractor](https://protractorpodcast.com): Geared more toward owning your own company.
 - [Construction Career Podcast](http://constructioncareerpodcast.com): answers the questions asked frequently by people looking to break into the Construction Industry

Commit message:

add shipping size / truck information

src/main/resources.md, after:

---
path: /resources/
title: Resources
layoutType: page
---
# List of Resources

## General
- firestopping
  - https://www.hilti.com/firestops Firestopping systems (with Hilti products)


## Engineering
### Civil/Structural
- loading
  - ASCE7 wind speed based on site lat/long or address. http://windspeed.atcouncil.org/ (note: this will soon by replaced by https://hazards.atcouncil.org/ )
  - Seismic design values as referenced in ASCE7 / IBC. Published by the USGS. https://earthquake.usgs.gov/designmaps/us/application.php
- steel
  - AISC has released the companion resources for the 15th edition of the steel construction manual. These resources include design examples and tables to assist in designing members, connections and structural systems.  https://www.aisc.org/publications/steel-construction-manual-resources/
  - AISC (steel) posts their videos from past webinars and conferences at http://www.asic.org/educationarchives
  - http://www.boltcouncil.org/files/2014RCSCSpecification-withErrata.pdf RCSC Specificatin for Structural Joints Using High Strength Bolts (2014)
  - Design Guide for Metal Cladding Fasteners from American Architectural Manufacturers Association (AAMA) which includes various screw capacities. http://www.aamanet.org/event/2017Fall/TIR-A9-14.pdf
- general
  - explaining engineering topics (Engineer4Free youtube channel)  https://www.youtube.com/user/Engineer4Free/playlists
- BIM/CAD/Software
  - pyRevit is a library of Python based scripts for Revit. http://eirannejad.github.io/pyRevit/

## Construction
 - equipment
   - Caterpillar provides a book with specifications on each piece of equipment to help estimate performance and productivity. https://www.warrencat.com/performance-handbook/
   - https://www.jlg.com/en/equipment/equipment-selector JLG Aerial Lift Selection Guide
   - https://www.bigge.com/crane-charts/ Crane Load Charts
 - safety
   - OSHA safety regulations in construction https://www.osha.gov/pls/oshaweb/owastand.display_standard_group?p_toc_level=1&p_part_number=1926
 - transportation / shipping
   - A standard truck is ~50ft long with ~3ft overhang (depending on state regulations). For additional Oversize/Overweight Trucking Regulations (2012) information see http://permits.scranet.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/10/SCRA_PM_1012.pdf

# Podcasts
## General
 - [AEC Business](https://aec-business.com/podcast-episodes/)

## Engineering
 - [The Engineering Career Coach](https://engineeringmanagementinstitute.org/podcasts/)
 - [The Civil Engineering Podcast](https://engineeringmanagementinstitute.org/podcasts/)
 - [Pragmatic](http://engineered.network/pragmatic)
 - [Causality](http://engineered.network/causality)
 - [Steel Profiles (AISC Podcast)](https://www.aisc.org/education/continuingeducation/podcasts/)
 - [The Engineering Commons](http://theengineeringcommons.com)
 - [STEM on Fire](https://stemonfire.com)

## Construction
 - [ConTechCrew](https://jbknowledge.com/category/podcasts): Construction Technology
 - [Construction Leading Edge](http://www.constructionleadingedge.com): Geared more toward owners of companies. Great info and stories though.
 - [Protractor](https://protractorpodcast.com): Geared more toward owning your own company.
 - [Construction Career Podcast](http://constructioncareerpodcast.com): answers the questions asked frequently by people looking to break into the Construction Industry
