src/main/software.md, before:

---
path: /software/
title: Software
layoutType: page
---
# Engineering Software

Software | License | Description
--- | --- | ---
[mastan2](http://www.mastan2.com/) | Open Source | MASTAN2 is an interactive structural analysis program that provides preprocessing, analysis, and postprocessing capabilities. The number of pre- and post-processing options, however, have been limited in order to minimize the amount of time needed for a user to become proficient at its use.
[SAP2000](https://www.csiamerica.com/products/sap2000) | Paid | From its 3D object based graphical modeling environment to the wide variety of analysis and design options completely integrated across one powerful user interface, SAP2000 has proven to be the most integrated, productive and practical general purpose structural program on the market today. This intuitive interface allows you to create structural models rapidly and intuitively without long learning curve delays.
[GT STRUDL](https://hexagonppm.com/products/analysis-product-family/gt-strudl) | Originally Academic, Now Corp | GT STRUDL includes all the tools necessary to analyze a broad range of structural engineering and finite element analysis problems, including linear and nonlinear static and dynamic analysis, and it can do so accurately in a fraction of the time of most other solutions. The new CAD modeler user interface has an AutoCAD-based environment that allows structural engineers to instantly see analysis and design results.
[TEDDS](https://www.tekla.com/products/tekla-tedds#) | Paid | Tekla Tedds is powerful software to automate your repetitive structural calculations. Choose from one or more of our regularly updated calculation libraries or write your own, and create professional documentation every time. Combine your structural calculations with 2D frame analysis. 
[Risa 3D](https://risa.com/p_risa3d.html) | Paid | User friendliness combined with advanced analysis capabilities make this industry standard software a very powerful tool for the analysis and optimization of all types of structures and all common structural materials, including steel, concrete, wood, aluminum and masonry. 
[OpenSees](http://opensees.berkeley.edu/) | Open Source - Academic | The Open System for Earthquake Engineering Simulation (OpenSees) is a software framework for simulating the seismic response of structural and geotechnical systems. OpenSees has advanced capabilities for modeling and analyzing the nonlinear response of systems using a wide range of material models, elements, and solution algorithms. The software is designed for parallel computing to allow scalable simulations on high-end computers or for parameter studies.
[Abaqus](https://www.3ds.com/products-services/simulia/products/abaqus/) | Paid | The Abaqus Unified FEA product suite offers powerful and complete solutions for both routine and sophisticated engineering problems covering a vast spectrum of industrial applications. In the automotive industry engineering work groups are able to consider full vehicle loads, dynamic vibration, multibody systems, impact/crash, nonlinear static, thermal coupling, and acoustic-structural coupling using a common model data structure and integrated solver technology. Best-in-class companies are taking advantage of Abaqus Unified FEA to consolidate their processes and tools, reduce costs and inefficiencies, and gain a competitive advantage.
[Pointwise](http://www.pointwise.com/) | Paid | Mesh generation software from Pointwise and its co-founders has been used for CFD preprocessing on applications as diverse as aerodynamic performance of the F-35 Lightning II and reducing fish mortality rates in a hydroelectric project.
[FieldView](http://www.ilight.com/en/products/fieldview-17) | Paid | CFD Post-Processing, Visualization and Workflow Automation
[OpenFOAM](https://www.openfoam.com/) | Open Source | OpenFOAM has an extensive range of features to solve anything from complex fluid flows involving chemical reactions, turbulence and heat transfer, to acoustics, solid mechanics and electromagnetics.
[SU2](https://su2code.github.io/) | Open Source | SU2 is an open-source collection of software tools written in C++ and Python for the analysis of partial differential equations (PDEs) and PDE-constrained optimization problems on unstructured meshes with state-of-the-art numerical methods. SU2 is a leading technology for adjoint-based optimization.
[STAAD](https://www.bentley.com/en/products/brands/staad) | Paid | Confidently design any type of structure and share your synchronized model data among your design team, in one integrated set of applications. Complete your steel, concrete, timber, aluminum, and cold-formed steel projects, on time and in budget, regardless of complexity. Design structures anywhere in the world with confidence using over 90 international codes, reducing your team’s need to learn multiple software applications. Increase your design productivity with streamlined workflows to reduce duplication of effort and eliminate errors.
[PROKON](https://www.prokon.com) | Paid | PROKON Structural Analysis and Design is a suite of over forty structural analysis, design and detailing programs. The first PROKON programs were developed in 1989, and today PROKON is used worldwide in over eighty countries. The suite is modular in nature, but its true power lies in the tight integration between analysis, design and detailing programs.
[StructurePoint](https://www.structurepoint.org/) | Paid | Includes a full suite of sp* products for designing concrete: spSlab, spBeam, spWall, spColumn, spMats, and spFrame.

Commit message:

add RAM products to /software/

src/main/software.md, after:

---
path: /software/
title: Software
layoutType: page
---
# Engineering Software

Software | License | Description
--- | --- | ---
[mastan2](http://www.mastan2.com/) | Open Source | MASTAN2 is an interactive structural analysis program that provides preprocessing, analysis, and postprocessing capabilities. The number of pre- and post-processing options, however, have been limited in order to minimize the amount of time needed for a user to become proficient at its use.
[SAP2000](https://www.csiamerica.com/products/sap2000) | Paid | From its 3D object based graphical modeling environment to the wide variety of analysis and design options completely integrated across one powerful user interface, SAP2000 has proven to be the most integrated, productive and practical general purpose structural program on the market today. This intuitive interface allows you to create structural models rapidly and intuitively without long learning curve delays.
[GT STRUDL](https://hexagonppm.com/products/analysis-product-family/gt-strudl) | Originally Academic, Now Corp | GT STRUDL includes all the tools necessary to analyze a broad range of structural engineering and finite element analysis problems, including linear and nonlinear static and dynamic analysis, and it can do so accurately in a fraction of the time of most other solutions. The new CAD modeler user interface has an AutoCAD-based environment that allows structural engineers to instantly see analysis and design results.
[TEDDS](https://www.tekla.com/products/tekla-tedds#) | Paid | Tekla Tedds is powerful software to automate your repetitive structural calculations. Choose from one or more of our regularly updated calculation libraries or write your own, and create professional documentation every time. Combine your structural calculations with 2D frame analysis. 
[Risa 3D](https://risa.com/p_risa3d.html) | Paid | User friendliness combined with advanced analysis capabilities make this industry standard software a very powerful tool for the analysis and optimization of all types of structures and all common structural materials, including steel, concrete, wood, aluminum and masonry. 
[OpenSees](http://opensees.berkeley.edu/) | Open Source - Academic | The Open System for Earthquake Engineering Simulation (OpenSees) is a software framework for simulating the seismic response of structural and geotechnical systems. OpenSees has advanced capabilities for modeling and analyzing the nonlinear response of systems using a wide range of material models, elements, and solution algorithms. The software is designed for parallel computing to allow scalable simulations on high-end computers or for parameter studies.
[Abaqus](https://www.3ds.com/products-services/simulia/products/abaqus/) | Paid | The Abaqus Unified FEA product suite offers powerful and complete solutions for both routine and sophisticated engineering problems covering a vast spectrum of industrial applications. In the automotive industry engineering work groups are able to consider full vehicle loads, dynamic vibration, multibody systems, impact/crash, nonlinear static, thermal coupling, and acoustic-structural coupling using a common model data structure and integrated solver technology. Best-in-class companies are taking advantage of Abaqus Unified FEA to consolidate their processes and tools, reduce costs and inefficiencies, and gain a competitive advantage.
[Pointwise](http://www.pointwise.com/) | Paid | Mesh generation software from Pointwise and its co-founders has been used for CFD preprocessing on applications as diverse as aerodynamic performance of the F-35 Lightning II and reducing fish mortality rates in a hydroelectric project.
[FieldView](http://www.ilight.com/en/products/fieldview-17) | Paid | CFD Post-Processing, Visualization and Workflow Automation
[OpenFOAM](https://www.openfoam.com/) | Open Source | OpenFOAM has an extensive range of features to solve anything from complex fluid flows involving chemical reactions, turbulence and heat transfer, to acoustics, solid mechanics and electromagnetics.
[SU2](https://su2code.github.io/) | Open Source | SU2 is an open-source collection of software tools written in C++ and Python for the analysis of partial differential equations (PDEs) and PDE-constrained optimization problems on unstructured meshes with state-of-the-art numerical methods. SU2 is a leading technology for adjoint-based optimization.
[STAAD](https://www.bentley.com/en/products/brands/staad) | Paid | Confidently design any type of structure and share your synchronized model data among your design team, in one integrated set of applications. Complete your steel, concrete, timber, aluminum, and cold-formed steel projects, on time and in budget, regardless of complexity. Design structures anywhere in the world with confidence using over 90 international codes, reducing your team’s need to learn multiple software applications. Increase your design productivity with streamlined workflows to reduce duplication of effort and eliminate errors.
[RAM](https://www.bentley.com/en/products/brands/ram) | Paid | Easily produce high quality and economical designs for all your structural projects using various concrete, steel, and joist building materials. Design, analyze, and create documentation with ease for your building projects, saving time and money. Maximize your software investment with one fully integrated application suite offering complete building analysis, design, and drafting for both steel and concrete structures. Increase your productivity by eliminating tedious and time consuming tasks with RAM’s practical applications. Design anything from individual components to large-scale buildings and foundations.
[PROKON](https://www.prokon.com) | Paid | PROKON Structural Analysis and Design is a suite of over forty structural analysis, design and detailing programs. The first PROKON programs were developed in 1989, and today PROKON is used worldwide in over eighty countries. The suite is modular in nature, but its true power lies in the tight integration between analysis, design and detailing programs.
[StructurePoint](https://www.structurepoint.org/) | Paid | Includes a full suite of sp* products for designing concrete: spSlab, spBeam, spWall, spColumn, spMats, and spFrame.
